Iron Gourmand Challenge

Races:

Human
Orc
Dwarf
Troll
Pandaren

Allied Races:

Maghar
Kultiran
Zandalari
Darkiron Dwarf

Classes:

Warrior
Paladin
Mage
Priest
Rouge
Monk

Rules:

Death = Delete
Must go through Exiles Reach if not using an allied race (makes 1-10 the same for all characters regardless of race or class)
Only White gear. Tabards that do not give any boosts to xp or stats are ok.
No external help (no groups, no alts/main assistance, no guilds, no parties, no AH no Mail)
Pet Battles are not allowed.
Cannot boost your character.
No dungeons, raids, world bosses, arenas, or battlegrounds allowed. Warmode must be turned on as soon as it is possible
Only buffs gained from your class, or food is allowed.
No Refer-a-Friend or other XP-boosting activites, gear or buffs (Darkmoon Faire, Heirlooms, Garrison potion, etc). Yes, this includes Monk’s XP buff: not allowed.
No Heirlooms.
Can only use Chromie Time for Cataclysm, Wrath, and Pandaria. No Draenor, Legion, Outland, or Shadowlands. (even though Legion technically takes place on Azeroth, the objective of the challenge does not fit in the scope of Legion)
Must stay on Azeroth for the duration of the characters run.
No Main Professions. Only Cooking and Fishing.
No Flying Mounts. Dragonriding is ok once you enter the Dragon Isles.
If you died in a particular zone, you can not quest there again on your next run.


Goals: 

Become the greatest chef in Azeroth by completing the following achievments:

These must be met before moving on to the next achievement:

75 in Classic Cooking and Fishing minimum
Lunch Lady
Short Order Cook

These must be met before moving on to the next achievement:

Northrend Cook
Northrend Fisherman
The Northrend Gourmet

These must be met before moving on to the next achievement:

Cataclysmic Cook
Cataclysmic Fisherman
The Cataclysmic Gourmet

These must be met before moving on to the next achievement:

Zen Master Cook
Zen Master Fisherman
The Pandaren Gourmet

These must be met before moving on to the next achievement:

Zandalari/Kultiran Cook
Zandalari/Kultiran Fisherman
The Zandalari/Kultiran Menu

These must be met before moving on to the next achievement:

Dragon Isles Cook
Dragon Isles Fisherman

Allied Race Rules:

If using an Allied Race, you must vendor all gear you are wearing and purchase white starting gear. 
You must start your journey going to your racial zone (Zuldazar for Zandalari, Durotar for Mag'har, Dun'morough for Dark Iron Dwarfs, etc). 
You must complete the cooking/fishing achievements of that zone, and then start from the beginning. So if your race takes you back to Zandalar or Kul'tiras, you would do Zandalari/Kultiran cooking/fishing first, then move on to classic, cataclysm, northrend, pandaria, etc.

